__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
intel_tfa_pmu_enable_all - application_logic
perf_event_nmi_handler - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_event_nmi_handler - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_event_nmi_handler - miscellaneous_keywords
nmi_handle - kernel_keywords
nmi_cpu_backtrace_handler - application_logic
default_do_nmi - application_logic
default_do_nmi - application_logic
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
native_apic_msr_eoi_write - application_logic
update_load_avg - kernel_keywords
rebalance_domains - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
perf_swevent_add - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
hrtimer_start_range_ns - kernel_keywords
native_sched_clock - kernel_keywords
nmi_handle - kernel_keywords
nmi_cpu_backtrace_handler - application_logic
acpi_os_read_memory - application_logic
native_set_fixmap - application_logic
native_set_fixmap - application_logic
visit_groups_merge.constprop.0.isra.0 - miscellaneous_keywords
event_sched_in - kernel_keywords
clock_gettime@plt - application_logic
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add_nolock_@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
dequeue_task_fair - kernel_keywords
put_prev_task_fair - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__x64_sys_epoll_wait - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
clock_gettime@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_assign@plt - sync_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
x86_pmu_disable - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
syscall_exit_to_user_mode - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_del_nolock_ - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
timerqueue_add - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
epoll_wait@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add_nolock_ - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_active_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
evutil_gettime_monotonic_@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_del_nolock_ - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_active_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_del_nolock_@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_assign@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add_nolock_ - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
assoc_start_expand - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
arch_perf_update_userpage - application_logic
update_rq_clock - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add_nolock_@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
x86_pmu_enable - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
nmi_cpu_backtrace_handler - application_logic
nmi_handle - kernel_keywords
nmi_cpu_backtrace_handler - application_logic
acpi_os_read_memory - application_logic
nmi_cpu_backtrace_handler - application_logic
ghes_notify_nmi - application_logic
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_event_update_time - application_logic
evutil_gettime_monotonic_@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
merge_sched_in - application_logic
__hrtimer_start_range_ns - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
assoc_start_expand - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__update_load_avg_cfs_rq - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
ktime_get_ts64 - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
merge_sched_in - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add_nolock_@plt - application_logic
lru_pull_tail - application_logic_keywords
event_set@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
rb_insert_color - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_out - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
update_curr - kernel_keywords
