ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
nmi_cpu_backtrace_handler - application_logic
nmi_cpu_backtrace_handler - application_logic
nmi_cpu_backtrace_handler - application_logic
set_pte_vaddr - kernel_keywords
ghes_notify_nmi - application_logic
exc_nmi - kernel_keywords
perf_event_update_time - application_logic
exit_to_user_mode_loop - kernel_keywords
event_changelist_remove_all_@plt - sync_keywords
x86_pmu_enable - kernel_keywords
psi_group_change - kernel_keywords
x86_pmu_enable - kernel_keywords
x86_pmu_enable - kernel_keywords
perf_event_nmi_handler - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_event_nmi_handler - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_event_nmi_handler - miscellaneous_keywords
nmi_handle - kernel_keywords
ghes_notify_nmi - application_logic
default_do_nmi - application_logic
exc_nmi - kernel_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
__x64_sys_clock_nanosleep - kernel_keywords
update_load_avg - kernel_keywords
rebalance_domains - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add - sync_keywords
perf_pmu_nop_int - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
fill_slab_stats_automove - application_logic_keywords
enqueue_hrtimer - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_del_nolock_@plt - application_logic
perf_pmu_nop_void - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_del@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
event_assign@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
schedule_hrtimeout_range_clock - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add_nolock_@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
evutil_gettime_monotonic_@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
iterate_groups - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_out - miscellaneous_keywords
do_syscall_64 - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
rb_insert_color - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_del_nolock_@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
evutil_gettime_monotonic_@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_trylock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__update_load_avg_cfs_rq - application_logic
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
rb_next - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__x64_sys_epoll_wait - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
perf_event_task_tick - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
schedule - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
select_estimate_accuracy - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
do_syscall_64 - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
arch_perf_update_userpage - application_logic
merge_sched_in - application_logic
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
fill_slab_stats_automove - application_logic_keywords
evutil_gettime_monotonic_@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
do_syscall_64 - kernel_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
x86_pmu_disable - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
schedule - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
clock_gettime@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_set@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
perf_sample_event_took - application_logic
perf_sample_event_took - application_logic
nmi_cpu_backtrace_handler - application_logic
acpi_os_read_memory - mem_keywords
native_set_fixmap - application_logic
acpi_os_read_memory - mem_keywords
end_repeat_nmi - application_logic
visit_groups_merge.constprop.0.isra.0 - miscellaneous_keywords
rcu_sched_clock_irq - kernel_keywords
__update_blocked_fair - application_logic
assoc_start_expand - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
visit_groups_merge.constprop.0.isra.0 - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
x86_pmu_enable - kernel_keywords
epoll_wait@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
timerqueue_add - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_sched_in - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_del@plt - application_logic
fill_slab_stats_automove - application_logic_keywords
raw_spin_rq_lock_nested - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_out - miscellaneous_keywords
event_active_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_out - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
syscall_exit_to_user_mode - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
schedule_hrtimeout_range_clock - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_set@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
update_min_vruntime - kernel_keywords
perf_pmu_nop_txn - application_logic
fput_many - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
clock_gettime@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__update_load_avg_cfs_rq - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_del@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
iterate_groups - application_logic
perf_swevent_add - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add_nolock_@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_del_nolock_@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
finish_task_switch.isra.0 - application_logic
switch_fpu_return - kernel_keywords
event_base_set@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
clock_gettime@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
exit_to_user_mode_loop - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__secure_computing - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_assign@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
timerqueue_add - application_logic
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
_raw_write_lock_irq - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_del_nolock_ - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__lock_text_start - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
rseq_ip_fixup - kernel_keywords
event_del_nolock_ - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_assign@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
clock_gettime@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
do_syscall_64 - kernel_keywords
rebalance_domains - application_logic
event_del_nolock_@plt - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
main - c_libraries_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
timerqueue_add - application_logic
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
do_syscall_64 - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__x64_sys_epoll_wait - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
clock_handler - c_libraries_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
set_pte_vaddr - kernel_keywords
exc_nmi - kernel_keywords
exit_to_user_mode_loop - kernel_keywords
event_changelist_remove_all_@plt - sync_keywords
x86_pmu_enable - kernel_keywords
psi_group_change - kernel_keywords
x86_pmu_enable - kernel_keywords
x86_pmu_enable - kernel_keywords
perf_event_nmi_handler - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_event_nmi_handler - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_event_nmi_handler - miscellaneous_keywords
nmi_handle - kernel_keywords
exc_nmi - kernel_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
__x64_sys_clock_nanosleep - kernel_keywords
update_load_avg - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
fill_slab_stats_automove - application_logic_keywords
enqueue_hrtimer - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
event_assign@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
evutil_gettime_monotonic_@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_out - miscellaneous_keywords
do_syscall_64 - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
evutil_gettime_monotonic_@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_trylock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
rb_next - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__x64_sys_epoll_wait - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
schedule - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
do_syscall_64 - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
fill_slab_stats_automove - application_logic_keywords
evutil_gettime_monotonic_@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
do_syscall_64 - kernel_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
x86_pmu_disable - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
schedule - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - mem_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - mem_keywords
visit_groups_merge.constprop.0.isra.0 - miscellaneous_keywords
rcu_sched_clock_irq - kernel_keywords
assoc_start_expand - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
visit_groups_merge.constprop.0.isra.0 - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
x86_pmu_enable - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_sched_in - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
fill_slab_stats_automove - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_out - miscellaneous_keywords
event_active_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_out - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
syscall_exit_to_user_mode - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
update_min_vruntime - kernel_keywords
fput_many - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_add - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
perf_swevent_add - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
switch_fpu_return - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
entry_SYSCALL_64_after_hwframe - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
exit_to_user_mode_loop - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__secure_computing - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
[unknown] - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_assign@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
_raw_write_lock_irq - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
event_del_nolock_ - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__lock_text_start - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
rseq_ip_fixup - kernel_keywords
event_del_nolock_ - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_assign@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
do_syscall_64 - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
main - c_libraries_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
read_tsc - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
do_syscall_64 - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
__x64_sys_epoll_wait - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
clock_handler - c_libraries_keywords
