native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
__intel_pmu_enable_all.constprop.0 - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
native_apic_msr_write - miscellaneous_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
__intel_pmu_enable_all.constprop.0 - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_bts_enable_local - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
__get_user_8 - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
no_branch_stack
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
ghes_copy_tofrom_phys - kernel_keywords
event_del@plt - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_update_userpage - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_event_update_userpage - miscellaneous_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
event_base_loop@plt - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
newidle_balance - kernel_keywords
__cgroup_account_cputime_field - kernel_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
exit_to_user_mode_prepare - kernel_keywords
__get_user_8 - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
__rseq_handle_notify_resume - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_trylock@plt - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
main - c_libraries_keywords
usleep - c_libraries_keywords
update_sg_lb_stats - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
event_active_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - kernel_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
__cgroup_account_cputime_field - kernel_keywords
update_load_avg - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
fill_pmd - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_active_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
merge_sched_in - kernel_keywords
rb_next - kernel_keywords
rcu_sched_clock_irq - kernel_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
no_branch_stack
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
__intel_pmu_enable_all.constprop.0 - kernel_keywords
__intel_pmu_enable_all.constprop.0 - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
perf_swevent_add - sync_keywords
perf_event_update_userpage - miscellaneous_keywords
pick_next_task_fair - kernel_keywords
_raw_write_lock_irq - kernel_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
newidle_balance - kernel_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - kernel_keywords
merge_sched_in - kernel_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
cgroup_rstat_updated - kernel_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
epoll_wait - kernel_keywords
fill_item_stats_automove - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_pmu_nop_txn - miscellaneous_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
newidle_balance - kernel_keywords
dequeue_task_fair - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
__intel_pmu_enable_all.constprop.0 - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_assign@plt - sync_keywords
perf_event_update_userpage - miscellaneous_keywords
cgroup_rstat_updated - kernel_keywords
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
update_sg_lb_stats - kernel_keywords
__cgroup_account_cputime - kernel_keywords
dequeue_entity - kernel_keywords
__cgroup_account_cputime - kernel_keywords
evutil_gettime_monotonic_@plt - sync_keywords
event_del_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
evutil_gettime_monotonic_@plt - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
ktime_get_ts64 - kernel_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
task_tick_fair - kernel_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
exit_to_user_mode_loop - kernel_keywords
perf_event_idx_default - miscellaneous_keywords
event_assign@plt - sync_keywords
task_tick_fair - kernel_keywords
switch_fpu_return - kernel_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - kernel_keywords
pick_next_task - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
psi_group_change - kernel_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
__fget_files - kernel_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
clock_nanosleep - c_libraries_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
newidle_balance - kernel_keywords
schedule_hrtimeout_range_clock - kernel_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
perf_event_update_userpage - miscellaneous_keywords
__cgroup_account_cputime - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
rb_next - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
cgroup_rstat_updated - kernel_keywords
__cgroup_account_cputime - kernel_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - kernel_keywords
update_rq_clock - kernel_keywords
rb_next - kernel_keywords
fput_many - mem_keywords
perf_event_update_userpage - miscellaneous_keywords
epoll_wait - kernel_keywords
_raw_write_lock_irq - kernel_keywords
__get_user_8 - kernel_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
event_changelist_remove_all_@plt - sync_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
__cgroup_account_cputime - kernel_keywords
assoc_start_expand - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
schedule_hrtimeout_range - kernel_keywords
bipbuf_peek_all - application_logic_keywords
merge_sched_in - kernel_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - kernel_keywords
entry_SYSCALL_64 - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
assoc_start_expand - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
__update_load_avg_cfs_rq - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
_raw_write_lock_irq - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
update_sg_lb_stats - kernel_keywords
update_sg_lb_stats - kernel_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
merge_sched_in - kernel_keywords
set_pte_vaddr_p4d - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
__fget_light - kernel_keywords
_raw_spin_lock - sync_keywords
epoll_wait - kernel_keywords
event_active_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
epoll_wait - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
perf_event_update_userpage - miscellaneous_keywords
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
bipbuf_peek_all - application_logic_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
update_sg_lb_stats - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
_raw_write_lock_irq - kernel_keywords
__rseq_handle_notify_resume - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
__vdso_clock_gettime - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_active_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
pgd_free - mem_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
native_write_msr - miscellaneous_keywords
__intel_pmu_enable_all.constprop.0 - kernel_keywords
__intel_pmu_enable_all.constprop.0 - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
intel_pmu_handle_irq - kernel_keywords
native_apic_msr_write - miscellaneous_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
epoll_wait - kernel_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_changelist_remove_all_@plt - sync_keywords
rcu_read_unlock_strict - kernel_keywords
apei_check_gar - kernel_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
__perf_event_task_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - kernel_keywords
_raw_write_lock_irq - kernel_keywords
perf_event_update_userpage - miscellaneous_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
fill_slab_stats_automove - application_logic_keywords
event_assign@plt - sync_keywords
apei_check_gar - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
cgroup_rstat_updated - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
syscall_exit_to_user_mode - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
epoll_wait - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
__secure_computing - kernel_keywords
event_del@plt - sync_keywords
event_base_loop@plt - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
perf_swevent_add - sync_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_add_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
_raw_spin_lock_irqsave - sync_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
clock_gettime@plt - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
pick_next_task_fair - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
__get_user_8 - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
clock_gettime@plt - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_del_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
newidle_balance - kernel_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_del_nolock_ - sync_keywords
_raw_spin_lock - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
ktime_get - kernel_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
ctx_sched_in - miscellaneous_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
event_del_nolock_ - sync_keywords
bipbuf_peek_all - application_logic_keywords
calc_timer_values - kernel_keywords
dequeue_task_fair - kernel_keywords
native_sched_clock - kernel_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
event_del@plt - sync_keywords
update_sg_lb_stats - kernel_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
acpi_os_read_memory - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
event_active_nolock_@plt - sync_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
__get_user_8 - kernel_keywords
event_base_loop@plt - sync_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
update_sg_lb_stats - kernel_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
cgroup_rstat_updated - kernel_keywords
event_base_loop - sync_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
event_del_nolock_ - sync_keywords
pthread_mutex_lock@plt - sync_keywords
newidle_balance - kernel_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
pthread_mutex_unlock@plt - sync_keywords
update_cfs_group - kernel_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
slab_automove_run - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
fill_item_stats_automove - application_logic_keywords
lru_maintainer_thread - application_logic_keywords
perf_event_groups_first - miscellaneous_keywords
restore_fpregs_from_fpstate - kernel_keywords
merge_sched_in - kernel_keywords
